Chore: Adding well formedness in the documentation of Dafny (#4418)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/DafnyRef/Specifications.md

   requires Valid()
   reads Repr
```

> ## 7.8. Well-formedness of specifications {#sec-well-formedness}

Author: Ok, in the next version, I reworded the section about assertion batches so that I clarify that implicit assertions are actually the well-formedness of expressions, and changed the links to them. Indeed, it's better. That way, I can keep this title intact. Thanks for this useful feedback.

Dafny verifies that the requires and ensures clauses make sense by themselves, independently of the body.
Hence, by declaring the following method:

```dafny
method Test(a: array<int>) returns (j: int)
  requires a.Length >= 1
  ensures a.Length % 2 == 0 ==> j >= 10 / a.Length
{
  j := 20;
  var divisor := a.Length;
  if divisor % 2 == 0 {
    j := j / divisor;
  }
}
```

Dafny will split the verification in two [assertion batches](#sec-assertion-batches)
that will roughly look like the following lemmas:

```dafny
lemma Test_WellFormed(a: array<int>)
{

>   assert a != null;       // for the `requires a.Length >= 1``

Author: No it does not because it's in triple backticks anyway. But I see that in many places where I intended only one backtick, it writes two, let me fix that.

>   assert a != null;       // Again for the `a.Length % 2``

Author: Excellent remark.

  if a.Length % 2 == 0 {
    assert a != null;     // Again for the final `a.Length``
    assert a.Length != 0; // Because of the 10 / a.Length
  }
}

lemma Test_Correctness(a: array<int>)
{ // Here we assume the well-formedness of the condition
  assume a != null;       // for the `requires a.Length >= 1``
  assume a != null;       // Again for the `a.Length % 2``
  if a.Length % 2 == 0 {
    assume a != null;     // Again for the final `a.Length``
    assume a.Length != 0; // Because of the 10 / a.Length
  }

  // Now the body is translated

  assert a != null; // For `var divisor := a.Length;`
  var divisor := a.Length;
  if * {
    assume divisor % 2 == 0;
    assert divisor != 0;
  }
  assume divisor % 2 == 0 ==> divisor != 0;
}
```

> If, when hovering over a method name, you see two assertion batches, it's usually because of that decomposition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this reason the IDE typically reports at least two assertion batches when hovering a method.
```

   requires Valid()
   reads Repr
```

## 7.8. Well-formedness of specifications {#sec-well-formedness}

> Dafny ensures that the [`requires` clauses](#sec-requires-clause) and [`ensures` clauses](#sec-ensures-clauses) are [well-formed](#sec-assertion-batches) independent of the body they belong to. Examples of conditions this rules out are null pointers, out-of-bounds array access, and division by zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dafny ensures that the [`requires` clauses](#sec-requires-clause) and [`ensures` clauses](#sec-ensures-clauses) are [well-formed](#sec-assertion-batches) independent of the body they belong to. Examples of conditions this rules out are null pointer dereferencing, out-of-bounds array access, and division by zero.
```

Hence, when declaring the following method:

```dafny
method Test(a: array<int>) returns (j: int)
  requires a.Length >= 1
  ensures a.Length % 2 == 0 ==> j >= 10 / a.Length
{
  j := 20;
  var divisor := a.Length;
  if divisor % 2 == 0 {
    j := j / divisor;
  }
}
```

Dafny will split the verification in two [assertion batches](#sec-assertion-batches)
that will roughly look like the following lemmas:

```dafny
lemma Test_WellFormed(a: array<int>)
{
  assert a != null;       // for the `requires a.Length >= 1`
  assume a.Length >= 1;   // After well-formedness, we assume the requires
  assert a != null;       // Again for the `a.Length % 2`
  if a.Length % 2 == 0 {
    assert a != null;     // Again for the final `a.Length`
    assert a.Length != 0; // Because of the 10 / a.Length
  }
}

> lemma Test_Correctness(a: array<int>)

Reviewer: Is this actually legal within a lemma? Maybe this needs to be a (ghost) method.

Author: With a var in front of the j it is legal. but I did convert it to a method.
I also added check-verify.
